Web Design Personal Website
Meyer McMains
Phase 2

 Mission Statement
	Record.com is the collection of everything related to a specific band or musical act. The site functions as a resource for 
	bands and their fans alike. Fans can: browse an artist’s musical works, listen to their content, read their history, 
	browse lyrics, purchase merchandise, find and purchase tickets to live shows, and view current news related to the band. 
	Musicians and bands: can update news and announcements about their group, list upcoming concert dates, upkeep their history, 
	and sell their albums and other merchandise.
	
Targeted Users
  Musicians, Bands, and other Musical Groups
  Fans / Users (older and younger)
  
Musicians, Bands, and other Musical Groups

	  This group consists of those that would have a page dedicated to their musical group. This includes solo musicians, bands, 
	and other musical groups such as orchestras. This group should be able to update their content such as new music, merchandise, 
	announcements, and upcoming concerts.
	
	  The focus is keeping their group’s page updated with current information about their group, new music, upcoming concerts, 
	and new merchandise. Several things need to be taken into account. Do users of the site get a good feel for my band based on the 
	content presented? Is it easy for users to listen to and buy my music? Is it easy for me to add content for users to buy whether 
	that be physical or digital merchandise? Can users easily purchase physical merchandise? Can I announce special events or 
	announcements related to my group? Is it easy to manage upcoming concerts, and is this information easily accessible to the user. 
	Can the user easily buy tickets to upcoming shows?

Fans / Users (younger)

	  Fans and users that are younger, are energetic and integrated with current technology. Younger users are integrated with 
	social media and typically like to share music with their friends. Younger users will be on the lookout for new music. 
	They are used to clean interfaces and initiative navigation, their eyesight is typically good and they can adapt quickly to new 
	interfaces and layouts. This group is likely interested in streaming music, concert dates, and lyrics. They are likely to be less 
	concerned with physical copies of music and the history of a group.
	
	  A younger use will be concerned with the general look, does the design fit with other modern application and site design. 
	Is navigation initiative and easy? Fans will want to be label to easily stream a group’s music and follow along with the 
	lyrics of a song. They will be interested in the group’s news and announcements and will want to know about upcoming concerts. 
	Is it easy to find upcoming concert dates and purchase tickets? Can I easily share this band / group with my friends? 
	Is it easy for me to find new music based on genre or similar music to what I listen to? Is there a way for me to manage 
	the bands and artists that I would like to follow?

Fans / Users (older)

	  This subset of fans and users are older, they have been following music for a long time and are likely to be interested in 
	specific groups they likely care less about finding new music. They are not always integrated with current web design so 
	intuitive interfaces may seem foreign and un-intuitive. Older users likely have decent eye sight, but small text may be 
	difficult to read without the use of glasses. This group is likely interested in buying physical copies of music, reading about 
	a group’s history, and finding upcoming concert dates. They are probably not as interested in streaming, social media, and lyrics.
	
	  Older users will have several concerns. Is it easy for me to find band / groups that I like? Can I navigate a bands page easily 
	  to find what I am looking for? Am I able to read all of the information presented? If I am going to purchase music, can I easily 
	  find what I would like to buy and are there plenty of buying options (credit card, PayPal etc.) If I would like to attend a 
	  concert can I easily find shows to go to and purchase tickets? 
